---
title: "My First Week of Summer Vacation Included Intensive Marching, PT, and Yelling!"
layout: post
category: military
---

So... school's out! Yay, right? There's no zilch to dwell on! Woohoo for me!

Although, summer didn't start out for me like that. One, I am taking a Geometry course online over the summer, so I can get ahead in Math by not one, but two grades. It is divided in Modules, and the course teaches you all of Geometry in the span of 2 1/2 months. I am halfway done with the course, and am motivated to knock out Geometry!

Now, I don't want to bore you with math. This ain't no math blog, this is an INTERESTING blog **;P** ! The real reason I am writing this post is because I spent a week in pain (in a good way). I spent my week at a Civil Air Patrol, military-like boot camp called Encampment

## Say What?

I know that some of you have questions. So here are the answers...

### Civil Air Patrol, an overview.

Most, if not all of you don't know that I am a member of the U.S Air Force Auxiliary Program called [Civil Air Patrol](http://www.gocivilairpatrol.com/) or CAP. This program was [founded](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_Air_Patrol) 75 years ago, a week prior to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. This was established for adults (now called Senior Members) who wanted to help in their community in any way they can. [Major General John F. Curry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_F._Curry?wprov=sfsi1) became the first National Commander of CAP. A year later, The Civil Air Patrol Cadet Program was founded a year later, to train future pilots during the WWII time period. The cadet program now trains young adults, like me to be future pilots and teaches cadets how to be a better person overall. For more information, look for my post on an extended overview about CAP.

### Encampment, an overview.

One of the perks (so called) of CAP is the annual Encampment. Encampment has































#### What does It take to become a CAP Cadet, and what do you do?

CAP Cadets have to motivated and driven to serve. They also have to be persistent and responsible for your own self. What do I mean by that? I mean that you have to attend all the CAP meetings that you can, and be persistent with promotions. The most imperative fulfillment of all IS... to have fun!  If you are ready to undergo these conditions, then CAP is for you!

To enroll, you have to go to the [CAP website](http://www.gocivilairpatrol.com/), and enter your ZIP code to find your local squadron. There is one thing to keep in mind when you sign up.

There are different types of squadrons out there in CAP. Here are the main ones:

- **Senior Squadrons:** Only adult volunteers can join this squadron (still can be a cadet). No youth can join this squadron.
- **Cadet Squadrons:** Only cadets can join this squadron. Adults can join this squadron if their primary interest is working with cadets.
- **Composite Squadrons:** Both seniors and cadets can join this squadron. I am part of a composite squadron.

I personally like being part of a composite squadron, because the squadron really becomes more diverse. For more information on how to join, click [here](http://www.gocivilairpatrol.com/how_to_join/).

#### CAP Missions

CAP primarily focuses on three things. Emergency Services, Aerospace Education, and Leadership.

##### Emergency Services

We do many Search and Rescue missions when needed around the country. For example, CAP helped during Hurricane Katrina, one of the most deadly hurricanes ever to hit the U.S. Also, we were called upon during 9/11, the most deadly attack to ever hit American soil. Emergency Services is a big part of CAP.

##### Aerospace Education

Hello! We are the Civil **AIR** Patrol. As we are a Auxiliary branch of the U.S. Air Force, Aerospace Education is a big chunk of this program. We learn how a plane works, and, oh yeah! We get to fly planes! I have already have done two, and can't wait for more!

##### Leadership

Leadership is what defines us. CAP teaches cadets how
